Who said they wanted to remove Mr. Lin?
President Manan is here
There is a loss of welcome
Meet meet
Don't be polite
I'm here this time for the ceremony
Presumably, the project builder will go on a collective strike
You've all heard about it.
Sure enough
The problem with the project alerted President Nalan
President Nalan
Designate frequent project owners
Just two days
The project has such a big problem
I'm afraid it's going to be hard to end
It's all Lin's fault for returning this trash
There we go.
President Nalan is taking back the project
The whole death will be a heavy loss.
President Nanan
Please rest assured.
This started with my Ming Group
We will definitely solve it properly.
The heads of several urban construction parties who went on strike
I have been invited by the governor to drink tea
They make trouble
There is no such thing as project arrears
It's just intentional
What is who?
How dare you do this to me?
Temporary encouragement
The people behind the scenes will soon find out
I'm just here to give you a heads-up.
One week period
Now there are only five days left.
Be sure to ensure that all aspects of this project
All plans are implemented
No flickering.